[Music]
hi guys welcome back to another video
hope you mean good in today's one I am
going to be doing a huge premiere crack
video I'm going to show you it's some
meal ideas breakfast lunch dinner for
like during the week super cheap on a
budget and yes I wanted to get straight
into it it's the first meal is going to
be overnight and of course you need some
porridge oats I'll put the price and
everything on the screen as well as some
containers obviously you could use jars
or tins whatever is easiest for you and
depending if you're on the go and
everything but these were just $1.99
from Aldi
then you're gonna need some unsweetened
almond milk or any milk of preference
I just quite like this one next we've
got the protein you don't have to use
this but I quite like high protein
breakfast so I am using cinnamon Danish
whey protein then these are toppings
that obviously you can mix up I just
like cashew nuts chia seeds and some
chopped apple I'm attract all my foods
as well so that is what the scales I
would recommend you doing the same if
you are prepping your meals just so you
know exactly what you're consuming and
making and you can make an even mix so
I'm using a 40 grams of oats and I'm
just doing in each container obviously
you could do it like a bulk well or
whatever but I find this the most
easiest then I am pouring 700
milliliters of almond milk into this
pouring container and basically this
should it's usually like a to burn ratio
so that I'd work out 500 milliliters of
milk but obviously I'm adding the
protein powder and I quite like my oat
consistency to be unlike a bit more of
like the watery kind of side but not too
watery don't get me wrong
so it works at about 140 milliliters of
milk in each oats and then obviously
I'll be adding the protein but obviously
if you're not adding protein it just be
about 500 milliliters but 700 with the
protein so that's one scoop of whey
protein
and and that I sent five grams of the
protein powder which is like 15 grams of
protein in each portion size which is a
really good protein meal so yeah and
also I'm doing four I'm doing five
portions of the oats
I was quite limited to four room plastic
containers when I was prepping this this
has got to be the most satisfying bit
just swirling it all around then I'm
just pouring 140 milliliters of the milk
into each out portion it comes out so
quick when you were waiting it on the
scales like Mississippi times but we got
there eventually then next I'm going in
with the toppings I am popping in about
a teaspoon of chia seeds on each portion
it works out like two grams and this is
just like optional I absolutely love
these little seeds
I personally don't add like my nuts and
chopped Apple until I'm actually eating
it just because it goes really soggy you
know if you're leaving it in the fridge
for a few days and I just prefer it rest
here is the micro seen vanilla flavor
drops so zero sugar basically you've got
nothing in them just other than a few
sweeteners and I put a tiny little drop
in each this makes such a big difference
like tastes absolutely amazing and the
don't go too crazy because it is really
strong and then I just mix them all
together and pop them in the fridge
remember as well you can add so many
different little toppings like you could
add pumpkin seeds cacao nibs like cacao
powder and just whatever you fancy
really and it just make a massive
difference and really really does add to
the taste and so then I'm just popping
the lids on all of these and like I said
you can pop them in the fridge or
freezer you can microwave then have them
warm have them cold I personally really
like a cold and then I just thought I'd
show you here I'm chopping up my Apple
this is one of my favourite toppings
apples one of my favorite fruit as well
but yeah just chopping it into like
flying bits and putting like about half
an apple on each portion size and for ya
just thought I'd show this but like so
you can put like berries on there
whatever you fancy and then I'm just
topping it with some ground cinnamon
again this makes all the difference like
it is the little things that don't have
like they're not high
anything that make all the difference
also makes it look nicer
presentation-wise - and then I'm topping
it with some cashew nuts and I don't use
that many things but yeah I use about 4
grams so I'll put the macros on the
screen like including my toppings and
one of my absolute favorites which is a
breakfast McMuffin and that includes
turkey rashes and eggs like egg whites
and a few eggs this absolutely like
tastes pretty much exactly the same as
the McDonald's one then obviously it's
not with bacon or cheese but tastes
absolutely real macros are amazing and
is one of my go-to breakfast or lunch at
the moment so you've got to try this
recipe sure these are seriously like my
absolute favorites and just pop that in
like an oven tray and just put out the
turkey rashes there were actually seven
in this canteen but actually seven
wretches and it's supposed to be six so
we've got like a free one in there
that's never happened before must be my
lucky day
and see I just pop them on there and
make sure the earrings on pop them in
the oven for about like 10-15 minutes
just keep sort of keeping an eye on them
and having a look then you're going to
need a eggs so I'm using four full legs
and then for whites of the eggs it would
be better to just actually buy some egg
whites but yeah we're rolling with it
so again using the container and just
cracking them on in there so it works
out about like in each portion one egg
and one white and then just mixing that
all around this is the best little hack
I found actually that tastes so good
they're like little egg brown egg cash
problems then I'm using some these
coconut coconut oil or you could use
like butter or whatever like fat you use
but I use this one and just using a
really small amount about two grams and
line in the tray make sure you do this
as well cuz otherwise it just completely
ruins that egg and you can't get the egg
off I tried that to start
with but I guess you could also use like
baking paper or again like tinfoil on
the bottom and of course I've already
put the turkey rashes in the oven so I
do this last you've really got to keep
your eye on this because it can grow 0
to 100 in absolutely no time at all and
you can end up 5 a frazzle in the egg or
just in a cooker in it so yeah cookery
curry cooking it so here we go putting
that in the oven I put it on like the
bottom layer in the oven then whilst
we're waiting for the turkey rashes and
egg I'm going in with the muffins I
think on them at my thing sorry the egg
muffins that we're not talking about
Donald's and this is an unusual one but
yeah just cut in cutting them in half
then I'm using the lighter than light
Mayo this is literally again got nothing
that tastes so good like super super low
calorie and because that's where you can
go wrong quite often that resources if
you are tracking your macros all your
cutting trying to lose body fat it can
be so easy to bunker calories but we
like tomato sauces and stuff so yeah
this is really good and I'm using 3
grams of laughs and nightmare on each
side so I'm using this rather than
butter then I'm popping them on a frying
pan I don't actually have any like fat
or anything on the frying pan I'm just
popping them like face side with the
mayor on and just kind of toasting them
on here making sure they go so like a
crispy brown I sometimes do burn and
doing this I must admit but yeah just it
doesn't take long at all
I quite like my bread like not super
toasted and that that's just personal
preference okay and yeah just flipping
them over and obviously there's eight of
them so yeah just like take it in turns
and yeah wait until they're lovely and
crispy Brown so that is those done and
so is the eggs I've just pulled that out
that is like the perfect way how I
wanted to do my eggs so that I got how
and saying does that look Oh max water
and on the screen and and then next time
obviously I'm just like proportioning
everything I'm using some baking paper
paper to wrap the muffins this just
keeps you know it like
they're not going soggy or whatever in
the tin tin in the plastic container if
you are putting it in the fridge or
everybody could just use whatever you've
got in our lacks just make do and then
I'm just preparing each burn this is the
most satisfying bit and put in about one
and like a bit of because we had like
some extra rations and again I'll pop
the macros on the screen but you'll be
really surprised that when you eat this
honestly it tastes absolutely amazing
eating well and healthy like does not
have to be restrictive or like just
tasting that crap like eating salad
it really doesn't and these are the
recipes are so good and tasty I promise
if I did want to see these in like a
circle motion but I'm just going to the
square and not cutting it in half and
but yet just going down straight on the
real obviously it's like four portions
but you could easily make more of this
if you wanted to do like for seven days
and but yeah I like to just do like four
or five days of meal prep and I'll just
find the food a bit fresher but yeah
that's just personal preference that's a
big slab it was like the most delicious
omelette you've ever seen and you know
just popping it in half and folding over
so we can actually like shut the muffin
tight look at that wow that is literally
identical to an egg remove them from
McDonald's but yeah and then I'm just
wrapping it in the baking powder powder
the baking paper for good side and I
didn't have anything to like tying it
with so you just kind of press it into
the container and then pop the lid on so
next door is going to be a chicken dish
you're going to need the coconut oil the
some chicken breast it can be chopped or
diced whatever and some paprika as well
as some curry powder or whatever
seasonings you like and just some sweet
potatoes and lastly some green beans
this is the quickest and easiest evening
meal or like for lunch even
so I'm just starting off with chopping
some sweet potatoes again you could chop
these in like circles I just like to see
them as like kind of like big fat fries
I want to say i season my sweet potatoes
but I literally just using some
seasoning I like putting some paprika it
really adds a little kick to them and
just drinking a little bit on top not
much you could cut oil but I personally
don't think they really need it and yeah
and making sure your ovens on a high
heat before putting them in the oven
this generally takes like depends I'm
not your oven as well but about between
thirty and forty minutes I'd say but
again you just you just see have a you
know have a look some people prefer them
crispier than others i mmm
I don't really mind mine like a moment I
like mine quite so then you're gonna
want to boil the kettle and put some hot
water into a pan this is for your green
veggies and I sure I think just pile it
in as many veggies as you can and this
is super quick but I think we all could
definitely do with like more greens in
our diet I know I'm guilty for this so
yeah I'm just putting a full portion of
the green beans in these are really
delicious as well I really really like
these and I'm just cooking them for
about between seven and ten minutes and
I always like to put the little steamed
lid on top I think that just keeps
things in I've always been taught to do
that as well like when he's growing up
around but always have like a lid on
stuff and then we're going back to the
frying pan and we are getting some Vita
Coco and I'm using about a teaspoon of
Vita coconut oil this is to cook a
chicken in you definitely need to have
like some fat and I hate to call that
some sort of like grease whether it's
like a sunflower oil or olive oil that
do the job and then I'm just putting in
the full portion of chicken make sure
you've got quite a big pan for this
because you're at times when tragedies
in a smaller one and it just doesn't fit
in and ends up falling out and it's like
spitting all over your clothes and I'm
going in with the curry powder I use
like hot curry powder of it it actually
really mild and just sprinkle that over
the chicken
perhaps love anything
curry sauce I think it tastes unreal and
then I'm also using paprika these are
just like my go-to seasonings and the
chicken cooked portion that into each
container and I've put 120 grams of
chicken in each container again this is
just like personal preference to
whatever fits your macros and then I'm
also weighing out the green beans and
I'm putting in 49 grams of green beans
in each one this is quite big I like
this portion size it always fills me up
so the sweet potatoes are done and I'm
getting ready to
and in each portion size I am popping in
120 grams of sweet potato and each one
absolutely love sweet potato it's full
of vitamins and so a healthy nutritious
that if left over obviously you could
just use that throughout the week all I
add more to it just dependent on like
what you're eating and everything so
here is my finished meal prep I really
hope you enjoyed this video
these are honestly my favorite meals
they're so quick and easy it doesn't
have to be complicated complicated I
absolutely love the overnight oats
they're so tasty and you can add so much
into them you know eating clean eating
well doesn't have to be restrictive you
can have a really delicious food and I
think that's the most important thing to
make anything sustainable and a healthy
lifestyle and enjoyable diet don't
forget to hit the like and subscribe
button I would love you guys to stick
around and I'll see you guys in the next
video